This testcase is used for providing supplemental forcing data, 
precipitation in this case, obtainable from the Soil Conservation
and Agriculture Network (SCAN: http://www.wcc.nrcs.usda.gov/scan/).  
The code, by design, is able to read the original data files downloaded
from the SCAN websites.  However, the format of the ASCII data files
in the SCAN network occasionally changes and so care should be given to
insure appropriate data reading.  This module has been extensively 
tested with data files from these five SCAN sites located in the state 
of Mississippi from the period of March 1, 2004 to February 28, 2006: 
Silver City, Perthshire, Beasley Lake, Scott, North Issaquena.  
Users may use a data file from any of these sites as a standard 
to see if there are any format changes in their data files.  
Note that the module reads the PCPHR column of the files for the 
hourly precipitation.  If needed, changes may be made in the 
subroutine, src/suppforcing/scan/readscan.F90, for appropriately
 reading the data. The inverse distance weighting scheme is used
 for spatial interpolation of precipitation data.  
By default whenever a supplemental forcing record is missing, 
the base forcing is used. 

This test case uses: 
  (a) the GDAS forcing and SCAN station data at SILVER CITY
      as the supplemental precip forcing
  (b) using the bilinear Interpolation
  (c) uses the lapse-rate based elevation correction using GTOPO30 
      elevation data
  (d) the "template" LSM option (which is a dummy LSM placeholder that simply
      outputs the interpolated forcing data. 
  (e) Domain near SILVER CITY, MS at 1/4 degree spatial resolution.
  (f) a time period from Aug 1 2004, hr 1 to Aug 2, 2004, hr 1 

This directory contains: 
  (a) This README file, 
  (b) the lis.config file used for this test case. (This file should be 
      edited to make sure that the locations of the parameter and 
      forcing files are specified correctly.) 
  (c) A sample grads control file that can be used to visualize the 
      output. (output.ctl)

To run this test case: 
  (a) Generate the LIS executable. 
  (c) Run the LIS executable using the lis.config file and your sample 
      input data. 
  (d) View the binary output using the sample grads file. 
  (e) The output can be contrasted with the output from using only 
      GDAS forcing for impacts of using the CEOP station data. 

Caveats: 
  (a) Please note that the station data spatial interpolators currently 
      are designed to work only on a single processor. Please contact 
      the LIS team if you are interested in extending this to work in 
      a multiprocessor setup. 
